<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
    <head>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css"/>
        <style>
            li {
                margin-bottom: 1em;
            }
        </style>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>
            3.2. customizing our site
        </h1>
        <div class="float-left">N</div>
        <p>
            ext, we have to modify the example site to adjust it to our own requirements and introduce
            our own contents instead of the existing one. Freshly unpacked files represent an example site
            containing these instructions we are currently reading. There are several files and folders
            of our interest:
        </p>
        <p>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <code class="c1" >index.html</code> - this is the main file containing visible project
                    title, social media promotional informations, and meaningful
                    <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Search_engine_optimization" target="_new">SEO</a>
                    texts enclosed within <code class="c1">noscript</code> tags.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code class="c1" >moonlight.html</code> - this file usually won't need to be referenced
                    unless we want override the default <code class="c1" >index.html</code> interface. However,
                    if we want to use use our own layout, we may place the <code class="c1" >moonlight.html</code>
                    reference inside custom <code class="c1" >iframe</code> structures as a part of user defined
                    <code class="c1" >index.html</code>.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code class="c1" >moonlight.json</code> - in this file we can setup various Moonlight rendering
                    parameters such as ovals and background color, power consumption, etc.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code class="c1" >contents/</code> - this is a folder where we keep our site content files.
                    <code class="c1" >contents.xml</code> is the main XML file under the same folder where we
                    structure the site contents. The site content files (HTML, CSS, images, ...) are originally
                    meant to be placed under the <code class="c1" >contents/</code> folder and referred from
                    <code class="c1" >contents.xml</code> file. Nevertheles, the content files may reside in any
                    folders, but it is recommended to place the entire structure under the
                    <code class="c1" >contents/</code> folder to keep our site clean and tidy.
                </li>
            </ul>
        </p>
        <p>
            Hopefully, examining the default site example (that is, files containing these instructions) should
            be descriptive enough to compose our own site. This is the quirky part where we will be using
            <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_manager" target="_new">file manager</a>
            and
            <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Text_editor" target="_new">text editor</a>
            to arrange and edit files of our interest. Please refer to provided links if you need to get more
            familiar with mentioned notions. This procedure is what makes Fract-exp site creating experience
            "slack", and requires a bit more advanced knowledge from the site creators, especially considering
            possible use of server side scripting or other technologies.
        </p>
        <p>
            Upon each edit, we would want to test if changes we made reflect what we want them to be. Again, we
            can test them by entering the local HTTP server address into a web browser.<br/>
        </p>
    </body>
</html>
